Previously
on "The Rookie"...
Hey, Counselor.
Harrison Novak.
They're all wrapped the same.
They must be yours.
These aren't mine.
- Thanks for coming right over.
- Yeah, of course.
It seems clear that we have
a second serial killer
at large.
- And you are?
- Her husband.
Oscar and Jason just
escaped from prison.
Who's out there?
Show me your hands.
- Oh, my God. Don't shoot me.
I got a call from Detroit PD.
They pulled prints
from a liquor store robbery
last night--Jason Wyler's.
Who are you?
I'm the man hunting
your ex-husband.
- Ahh!
- Malvado.
If you hear of Jason's
whereabouts, let me know.
What's that?
Oh, a secret note
from my secret lover.
Where do you find the energy?
I barely have the strength
for one lover.
I know. I've been meaning
to talk to you
about putting
some more effort in.
That's fair.
You working today?
Yep, and I see
you're going in early.
Yeah, I'm going to talk to
that, uh, detective in Detroit,
see if they have
any updates on Jason.
Do you really believe
my psychotic ex-husband
is on the run?
Well, it seems like it.
You can't be too careful.
I'm just happy to get some
normalcy back in our lives,
where normalcy means, you know,
double serial killers.
Well, on the bright side,
at least one of them
is already in custody.
Always the optimist.
It's my secret lover's
favorite thing about me.
Well, see,
that's what separates us.
I could never pick
only one favorite thing.
Have a great day.
You too.
Oh, uh, Mrs. Richards?
- That's right.
- Hi, I'm Lucy Chen.
Um, I was hoping to talk to you
about your former student
Seth Ridley.
I'm his training officer
at the LAPD.
- Is he in trouble?
- No, not at all.
I was just looking to get
some clarity on some things,
and I thought
the school guidance counselor
would be the best person
to ask.
All right, then.
Well, better come in.
Thank you.
What about you?
Sorry.
What?
She asked if you were feeling
any more secure in the job.
Oh, totally, totally. I--
Not. Totally not.
Would--would you actually
be able to put in a good word
for me with your roommate?
That would--
I would owe you big-time.
Hey.
Huh?
Think we'll be end of shift
by 8:00 tonight?
Ah, I-I mean, there's
a serial killer on the loose.
I wouldn't expect
to clock out on time.
There's got to be
some kind of work-life balance
eventually, though, right?
- Not as a rookie.
I haven't been on a date
in three months.
Why?
What's at 8:00 p.m.?
He's got a long-distance love
with the missus.
- Oh.
- We ain't married, all right?
Just exclusive
since high school.
Camilla's still in Texas
looking for the right time
to move out.
And live in your car.
I'll find a place
before then.
She's my angel.
Got with me when
I was gonna make football money
and stayed with me when
I got hurt and lost it all.
She sacrificed
a hell of a lot for me.
Oh, I mean,
you must miss her so much.
Yeah.
Yeah, I-I do.
All right.
Whoa!
Bad news--
Remy Darden succumbed
to his injuries this morning.
So you're
the only living witness.
Which means
we have jack squat,
because the only description
I can give of our serial killer
is white male, unknown age,
somewhere near 6 feet,
and somewhere
around 175 pounds.
- But it's better than nothing.
- Not by much.
Hey, brought you
some fresh clothes,
in case you want
to change after,
and the appropriate shoes
to match.
- Always so thoughtful.
- Ah, well-trained.
Are you okay?
My heart hurts.
So much pain before they died.
I knew in my mind
such evil exists,
but it always shocks
my soul to see it.
- Good morning.
- Oh, morning.
How you feeling?
- Fine. Day off helped.
I wish I could say
I found something helpful
in your absence, but I did not.
- No DNA?
- The opposite--too much.
I found trace evidence of
literally hundreds of people
contaminating
both the murder lab
and the bodies of our
serial killer's ten victims.
How is that possible?
Oh, he muddied the scene
with a DNA buffet.
He literally collected
medical waste--
sharps, latex gloves,
discarded bandages--
and he used them to corrupt
everything that he touched.
That's kind of brilliant.
Uh, in a pure, evil way.
I mean, even if we can pull his
DNA from a victim and match it,
any defense attorney
with a pulse
will be able to prove
reasonable doubt.
I'm afraid I have
more troubling news.
The autopsies revealed
that all but one of the victims
were infected with a variety
of bloodborne illnesses
before he strangled
them to death.
- From the used syringes?
- Yeah.
He was literally using them
like a science experiment.
But before you panic,
we found the needle he used
on you and tested it.
I wouldn't say it was clean,
but there was
nothing communicable within.
We'll get you regular testing
for the next six months.
But if they didn't find
anything in the needle,
you should be okay.
- Okay.
But on the good news front,
most of the medical waste
was generic,
found in every hospital
and doctor's office
around the state, except
for these four syringes,
which are trial design,
only used
at Saint Stephen Hospital.
You could have led with that.
He's an actor.
He likes the drama.
Former actor.
And I like setting
realistic expectations.
All right,
so, just to be clear,
we're looking for a white male
of indeterminate age,
height, weight,
with some form of connection
to Westview
Psychiatric Institution
and Saint Stephen Hospital--
places that employ and treat
thousands of people a year.
Talk about setting
expectations.
And here I was,
feeling hopeful.
Sorry.
You know, I've been, uh,
really studying my rook book.
I've been burning
the midnight oil.
Miles and I are going to go
to the range later on,
do some extra shooting.
I visited your high school
this morning, Ridley.
Uh, that's cool.
Why?
Because I wanted some clarity
about your high school
experience.
And?
Why don't you
tell me, Ridley?
What--what exactly
did I discover?
You found out
that I was telling the truth
about my friend who OD'd...
And that she was not
my girlfriend.
And I did go on a date
with her a couple months
before Rory Hatcher's party.
And I did give her CPR,
but Rory Hatcher's dad
actually saved her.
And?
And you discovered
that I lied to you and Miles
about the girl who died
in a car accident.
And she was not
my girlfriend either.
I was actually a freshman
when she was a senior,
and I've never met the girl.
Do you want to know
why I lied?
I can figure that out
for myself.
Well, what if I told you that
I was ashamed of what I did
and that I have
struggled in the past
using these half-truths
to get me out of trouble?
Just--I've sworn to myself
that I wasn't going to be
this guy anymore
when I joined the LAPD.
But then I threw up
in a crime scene on day one,
and I panicked, and I should
have owned up to my failures,
but I just--
I should have suffered
the consequences.
What are the consequences?
I don't--I don't know yet.
We have an onsite incinerator
in the basement.
It's where all of our
medical waste is disposed.
- Who has access to it?
- Custodial staff.
Plus, we have
a dedicated incineration team.
Everyone's passed
background checks.
But a few months ago,
our security staff found
a patient, Ryan Dearbourne,
wandering around the basement
with a medical bag.
At the time,
he claimed he was lost.
Couldn't explain the bag.
Back in Texas,
we call that clue
"sweeter than stolen honey."
- I like him.
- No comment.
Are you seeing anyone?
Because I have a niece who has
had it up to here with LA guys.
If she's anywhere
near as lovely as you,
I'm sure she'll have
her pick of men.
Unfortunately, I am taken.
- It's long distance.
He'll be single soon enough.
What do you have against
long-distance relationships?
They aren't relationships.
The day-to-day support, the way
you weave your lives together,
that's a relationship.
Chatting on Zoom is
a friendship at best.
Thank you for the intel.
He and Rachel broke up
when she moved to New York.
Ah, I see.
Don't listen to him.
Relationships
come in all forms.
- Let's go, Boot.
- Nice to meet you.
All right, Ryan Dearbourne
has been a repeat patient
at Westview Psychiatric
since he was a teenager.
His most recent stint
was 16 months ago.
Schizophrenia,
borderline personality
disorder,
drug addiction.
Has he ever crossed paths
with Harrison Novak?
He did.
At least he could have.
There is a two-month overlap
during their teenage years.
Okay.
So what do you think?
Whew.
I think it looks like
a cautionary tale
for how society fails those
with mental health issues.
I mean, what do you think
about how we should approach?
Oh, right, well, uh,
I mean, we don't have
probable cause to enter.
So...
first step is to try to get
the suspect into the open.
We could simply knock
on the door,
but due to his history
of violence,
it might be better
to avoid surprises.
Good.
So?
- We call him.
- Perfect. Do it.
Hi?
Mr. Dearbourne?
This is Officer Celina Juarez
with LAPD.
We're outside.
And we're hoping we could speak
with you, if you wouldn't mind.
Okay, well,
that was disturbing.
7-Adam-15, requesting
additional units
and an RA to my location.
Hey, go cover the rear.
In position.
No sign of suspect.
Copy that.
I'm at the front door,
making entry.
Police.
Mr. Dearbourne,
I'm coming inside.
Stand where I can see you
with your hands open
and visible.
Sir, I'm gonna need you
to step out.
Do it now.
Inside's clear.
Copy that. Maybe he wasn't
in there when we called.
Negative.
His soup is still steaming.
He must have jumped into the
woods the second we pulled up.
No, no, okay.
Nolan, I'm hearing a voice
from underneath
the mobile home.
I got a hatch in the floor.
I'm gonna open it now.
- Hey, do you have a second?
- Sure.
Uh-oh.
- Yeah.
Um, okay, so I have confirmed
that Seth lied to me
on two separate occasions
about past tragedies.
Not great.
That's it--"not great"?
I mean,
a third of the department
routinely lies
about their personal life.
Do you honestly think Smitty
qualified for the Olympics?
No, but--
There's a difference
between lying on the job
and lying about the job.
Look, has he ever lied
about a call or on paperwork?
- Not that I know of.
- Okay.
Look, the city spent a quarter
of a million training Ridley.
The department's
currently understaffed
due to a major
corruption scandal,
and he was recently
lauded as a hero
for saving a hostage's life.
Grey's not going to cut
him just because he brags.
Wait, I can't believe
Tim "I Bounce Boots
for Breakfast" Bradford
is suggesting letting
unethical behavior slide.
I'm not.
I'm suggesting you correct it.
It's what we call
a "TO problem."
Wow, okay.
Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Listen...
I really love this job.
I have never lied about that.
I just--I get panicked
sometimes, and I get stressed.
Ridley, being a cop
is stressful 24-7.
Being--being cross-examined
is just as stressful.
What are you going to do
when you're on the stand,
tell the truth or say
whatever makes you look good?
The truth.
I'm gonna tell the truth, okay?
It's--100%.
This has been an important
wake-up call for me.
I promise you, I'm gonna
fly right from here on out.
He said the needles
were for his medicine
and that just a quick rinse,
and they were "good as new."
That might be
the most disgusting thing
I've ever heard.
So what do you think?
Is this the guy you fought
in the basement?
I don't know.
He feels wrong.
I mean, this guy is
literally buzzing with energy.
The killer we're after
was calm, fastidious, careful,
and dangerously smart.
I can't imagine this guy
making a peanut butter sandwich
without cutting off
something important.
Maybe that's
what he wants us to think--
laying the groundwork
for an insanity plea.
If so he deserves an Oscar.
So do you want to talk to him
or lay back?
Lay back.
Okay.
Mr. Dearbourne.
Hi.
I'm Brendon Acres with the FBI.
This is Detective Lopez.
I take it you've been apprised
of your rights.
Is that correct?
I didn't do anything.
I-I-I never do anything.
Can you tell us
where you were two nights ago?
Down below, the underneath.
Are you talking
about a basement?
It's my happy place.
I want to go
to my happy place.
Nice to be home?
So nice, especially
now that the threat
of my crazy ex-husband is gone,
at least for the moment.
You'll get through this.
We're all here for you,
whatever you guys need.
Thank you.
Uh, sorry.
I have to get this.
- Of course. Talk to you later.
- Yeah.
Hello?
- Tell me about Detroit.
I shouldn't be talking
to you.
Then why did you text
or answer this call?
Tell me about Detroit.
Jason's fingerprints
were pulled
from a liquor store he robbed.
Same thing outside Provo, Utah,
two days before.
Seems a little sloppy
for our boy.
- You think it's a fake out?
- I don't know. Maybe not.
People do have a tendency
to run for the hills
when they hear
that I'm looking for them.
I have my feelers out.
I'll know more soon enough.
I might have something.
So I was going
through Antoinette's
initial autopsy reports.
All of the victims
were cross-contaminated
with dirty needles before
they were killed, except one--
his very first victim,
Grant Nogales.
First kills
are often unique--
the thrill of raw violence
before a serial killer
hones their style.
Right, and they can also be
the most personal.
So I went back into Grant's
missing person file.
One of the people
the detectives interviewed
was his former employer,
Liam Glasser.
Now, Glasser was never
a suspect,
but he runs a vending machine
supply company
that services facilities
all across Los Angeles,
including Westview Psychiatric.
Any connection
to Saint Stephen?
Not that I could find.
You should definitely put
eyes on Glasser.
See if you recognize him
from the other night.
Yeah,
but I don't want him to know
that he might be a suspect.
- Yeah.
I have an idea.
Glad you could come
on such short notice.
Are you kidding me?
I'd give my firstborn to
service all the LAPD machines.
You really got that kind
of pull with the city?
Oh, yeah.
I'm the man.
These all look
like pretty standard fare.
I was hoping
for more of the, uh, exotics.
Oh, this is just a small
sampling of what we carry.
Was there, uh, something
specific you had in mind?
There's a New Zealand nut bar
that I could only find
at the zoo.
The Kiwi Krispie.
I have that.
- No way.
- Oh, yeah.
It's not on the truck, but
I could land it in slot, uh, 22
first thing in the morning,
if that seals the deal.
Smitty,
Grey's looking for you.
Sorry, I didn't mean
to interrupt.
It's never an interruption
when a woman
is as pretty as you.
- Oh, wow. Smooth talker.
- Guilty as charged.
But don't let me stop important
police business from happening.
I got work to do, too.
I'm gonna go talk to
Grey, and I will circle back.
- It was nice meeting you.
- You too.
Actually...
you might be able
to help me out with something.
Happy to,
unless this is just a ploy
to hit on me,
because I am
a happily married man.
Who tells random women
they're pretty?
- Well, men can look.
- Oh.
So what can I do
for you, uh...
Uh, Nyla Harper, detective.
It's nice to meet you,
Nyla Harper, detective.
I'm Liam Glasser, uh,
lord of the vending machines.
Ah, that is actually what
I wanted to talk to you about.
Um, okay, so I have this case.
It is a serial murder
investigation.
And there are connections
to Westview Psychiatric.
Get--get out of here.
I-I service Westview.
- You're kidding.
- No.
Well, that is small world.
For how long?
- Uh, I mean, like, forever.
Uh, it's my dad's company.
I started working with him
in high school.
I took it over when he passed,
so more than 20 years.
How often are you there?
I average, uh,
three or four visits a month.
I mean, the food
is terrible there,
so the patients and the staff,
they basically live
off the machines.
Okay.
I hate to impose, but there are
elements of this case
that date back
to over a decade ago.
And talking to someone
with institutional knowledge
would be extremely helpful.
The staff has been stonewalling
me, trying to cover their ass.
You know how that is.
- Oh, yeah, it's human nature.
Exactly.
Um, can you help me?
Well, um, as much as
I would love to spend the day
talking to you,
I got a schedule to keep.
Please, I promise it
won't take that long.
I'd owe you.
Sure. I can--I can spare
a few minutes.
Great. I will go grab
my file and my notebook.
I think Glasser is my guy.
He's the second killer.
Well, that's a surprise,
'cause Ryan Dearbourne
is currently confessing.
What?
I couldn't stop.
I needed them to hurt
the way I hurt, the way I hurt.
So I jabbed them.
I jabbed them,
and I killed them.
Who was the third victim?
Third kill.
M-M-M-M-Michael--Michael.
Skid row.
He helped me find that place
right between the toes--
the most painful bone,
lots of nerves.
But anywhere you poke,
poke, poke too often,
they get used to it.
A-and I always had
a lot of needles to poke.
I stole them from the hospital.
But this morning,
you told Officer Nolan
that you used those needles
in your house for medicine.
Yes, for me
and for them.
Tell us about Remy.
Got away.
Bye-bye.
How did he get away?
What happened the other night
when he got away?
Nothing.
Everything.
Danger.
Please, I-I just want it
to stop.
I-I need someone to stop me.
Please.
I need to be punished.
I've done such bad things...
such bad things.
So did he get anything wrong?
Miss any detail?
No, it was
a slam dunk confession.
From a guy who is clearly in
the throes of mental illness.
I mean, sure,
he gave us details,
but he also left
a lot of holes.
Those are details
only the killer could know.
Or someone helping him.
Listen, I know that my gut
is not admissible,
but I am telling you, Glasser
is the guy from the basement.
He recognized me
in the break room.
He couldn't stop staring
at my wounds.
He's still in there
with Smitty,
waiting to talk to me.
At least just put eyes on him.
Check my math.
Of course.
The last thing I want to do
is charge the wrong guy
or leave an accomplice
out there.
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
Let's go.
I swear,
she'll be right back.
I'm sorry.
I got a route to run.
I can't wait any longer.
I am so sorry.
Thank you for waiting.
I really got to go.
Just talk to me
for two minutes.
That's it. I promise.
Your stuff will be safe here.
Thank you.
So, um, do you have
any interactions
with the patients at Westview?
No.
I don't really stop to chat.
I mean, not that
there's anything wrong
with being mentally ill--
they can't help it.
But, uh, I'm not really
looking to socialize.
So is that a no?
Yes, that is a no.
So you have never talked to
someone named Ryan Dearbourne?
Ah, like I said, I do
my business, and I get out.
Okay.
Is that the serial killer
you mentioned, Dearbourne?
I can't really
comment on that.
- Sure.
- Yeah.
Sure.
You can almost feel him
trying to be casual.
If he is the guy,
he's rocking a world-class ego.
It'll make him overconfident.
Well, if there's
nothing else...
I really got to go.
Where were you
on Tuesday night?
Why?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I meant to ask, um, were you
at Westview two nights ago?
Something happened.
Well, I don't work nights.
I have a family.
Oh, kids?
Yeah, two.
What about you?
What happened at Westview?
There was an attack.
Our suspect
almost killed a cop.
No kidding.
Wow.
Well, like I said,
I wasn't there.
Where were you?
Movies maybe.
I'd have to check.
Now I really got to go.
Good luck with your case.
Of course.
Uh, we will be in touch
if any follow-up is necessary.
Looking forward to it.
Okay.
I hope you catch the guy.
I mean, you must feel
such a weight
being the only person
who can...
bring his poor victims closure.
Does it keep you up at night?
It would--it would keep me up
at night.
I sleep just fine.
Do you?
Hmm.
Like a baby.
Good job.
- So how's my math?
- Solid.
He's definitely giving off
some creepy vibes.
Seemed very interested
in the case.
I agree--
Ryan's involved somehow,
but Glasser
is the dominant personality.
But will a jury
see it that way?
No, no, they'll see Ryan
stealing the syringes
and Ryan confessing
to serial murder.
Glasser is just
the hardworking family man
who's barely tied to the case.
Ryan's guilt feels genuine.
I think he honestly believes
he committed the murders.
What if Glasser
convinced him?
You know, spent years
feeding him details
until he internalized them?
Well, we know Glasser
thinks long-term
from the cross-contamination
of the kills he's been doing.
Someone as disturbed as Ryan
can easily be manipulated.
If that is true, then Glasser
has created the perfect patsy.
So what do we do?
Good news is,
he knows we're close.
He won't risk another abduction
anytime soon.
Yeah, but we need to be ready
when he does.
I need every detail
about his work life--
his--his clients, route.
There has to be some
connection between him
and the other victims.
And let's pull apart
his family.
I need a deep dive on his wife,
kids, third cousins, everyone.
Oh, I'm--I'm so sorry
to interrupt.
Nolan, Detroit PD is on
the phone looking for you.
- Excuse me.
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah?
- Jason was never in Detroit.
He paid some meth head
to leave his fingerprints
at crime scenes.
Detroit PD
just arrested the guy.
Jason is still in LA.
John Nolan.
Hey, what are you doing, man?
What are you doing?
Oh, yeah!
Oh, that'll get
the juices flowing, huh?
Hey, babe.
Oh, you don't look
so good back there.
Oh, damn it.
Oh,
I forgot to dump your phone.
She's moving south
on La Cienega.
7-Adam-15, Bailey's partner
just called 911.
Jason took her.
Celina.
I know. I'm punching it.
Stupid! Stupid!
All right. All right.
Do I just pull over
or wait for the switch car?
Pull over
and let me the hell out!
Shut up!
Nobody's asking you!
I am way past taking orders
from you, Jason.
You don't scare me anymore.
I said shut up.
Ahh!
Bitch!
Ugh!
- Do you have her?
- Yeah.
One minute out. Get ready.
I'm so ready, baby.
Get here.
Another life you're ruining.
You're the one
that ruined a life--mine.
Oh, boo-hoo.
Jason, you're not
the hero of this story.
You're not even the villain.
You're Sideshow Bob,
stepping on an infinite number
of rakes.
Look, I would really not
provoke me right now.
Why? Are you gonna
make it hurt more?
Such a big man, torturing
a woman a third of your size.
Shut up!
Augh!
Ahh!
Oh, my God!
They stopped, two blocks up
around the corner.
[groans
Oh, my God!
Baby, are you okay?
-  Do I look okay?
- Don't yell at me!
I'm freaking out here!
- Come on, we got to go.
- Is she dead?
- I don't know.
You got to make sure.
Otherwise,
you'll never rest easy,
and you'll never be all mine.
-  Yeah.
Oh, God.
She broke my arm!
Come on, we don't have time.
We got to move.
We won't make it to your car.
Come on, we--we got to go.
- Where are you going?
- Come on!
There she is.
I'm here. I'm here.
Easy.
How bad are you hurt?
- I don't know.
But he's hurt worse.
He just ran off down
the alley with a woman.
Um, blonde, uh,
pink sweatshirt.
Control, suspect
Jason Wyler is on foot,
heading west towards the 101--
he is armed and dangerous.
Second suspect--
blonde female, pink sweatshirt.
Mobilize backup, airship,
and a supervisor
to set up a search grid.
You're gonna be all right.
Ambulance is on the way.
How did you know
to find me?
Detroit PD called.
Jason paid someone
to plant his fingerprints.
I know.
I mean, I-I knew
we shouldn't have trusted him.
Oh, Jason's phone--
he left that before he ran off.
Over here!
Quick!
Easy. Nice and easy.
- I'm okay.
Multiple contusions,
possible concussion,
slight whiplash,
and some injury to my ribs.
It's either fractured
or sprained--I'm not sure.
- How's Bailey?
- Bailey is pissed.
Ah, I'm gonna go
to the hospital with her.
- Of course.
- Uh, this is Jason's phone.
He called the woman
he ran off with
right before we crashed.
Hey, I-I need
a name and trace
on this phone number right now.
I'll have all the units
in the area lock down the grid.
We're not gonna let
Jason get away again.
All right, it's registered
to Drew Davis--
uh, 28, female,
lives in La Cañada.
I know her.
No, she--she pretended
she was drunk.
She broke into the yard.
She said she was looking
for a friend's house.
She must have been trying
to test out
your security system for Jason.
- That's his move.
Make some poor young woman
think he's in love with her
and then ruin her life.
- Trace came in.
It's a few blocks from here,
headed west on Sixth.
Control, suspect's
heading west on Sixth Street
toward Anderson--code 3.
Go.
- You sure?
- Go. Catch him.
Okay.
Oh, my God.
What are we going to do?
- We--we got to get a car.
- Well, can't we just hide?
- No, no, no.
They're gonna have
this whole place locked down.
Oh, no.
Your phone.
- What?
- They're tracking us.
- They know who I am?
Why would they know who I am?
You said that I was fine!
It doesn't matter!
Come here.
All right.
Okay, look, hey, you got to go
stop that car.
I'm gonna come out with a gun,
and we're gonna jack it.
Go. Go!
Hi.
Her phone's
at the end of the block.
Oh, Nolan.
- I see her.
7-Adam-15, we have eyes
on one suspect.
Gunshot, possibly deceased.
No sign of Jason yet.
- Did Jason shoot her?
- I don't know.
Let's move.
I got eyes on Jason.
South side of the street.
Jason!
Show me your hands!
I give up!
Step out!
I can't.
Malvado--he's all over me.
He killed Drew.
You got to protect me.
Step out
and show me your hands.
Damn it, he's got a rifle!
7-Adam-15, shots fired.
Suspect is down.
We have a sniper,
600 block of Anderson--
precise location unknown.
Nyla Harper, detective.
Now, I told you,
I'm a happily married man.
Yes, you did,
but that was a lie,
just like everything else
you have told me was a lie.
See, I know you're used
to being the smartest guy
in the room.
And, honestly,
you have mostly been right.
You have played this thing
perfectly so far.
Oh, I have no idea
what you're talking about.
Oh, you don't have
to pretend.
I'm not wearing a wire.
I'm not here
to trick you into confessing
or threaten you
that Ryan Dearbourne
has flipped on you.
Like I said,
you're smarter than that.
But I also know that you
can't help what you are.
You'll be disciplined
for a while,
but then you won't be able
to stop yourself.
And you will take
another victim.
And we will be there.
"We"?
My friends on patrol,
who will make driving
by your home and work
part of every shift.
And my other friends...
My undercover friends,
who will always be out there,
only you won't know who,
and you won't know when.
You see, you've gotten away
with everything
because you moved
in the shadows.
But now you are
in the spotlight.
And you will stay there
until I find a way to hang
these murders around your neck
and lock you away forever.
I'm back.
I believe
I only asked for a drink.
Yes, I have that right here.
Don't open it right away.
I dropped it.
Mm-hmm.
And--and the rest of all this?
Oh, this isn't from me.
No, I definitely did not
impulse-buy half the gift shop.
Ah, it must have been
my secret lover.
Yeah, and if you ask me,
that guy is really needy.
Well, maybe he's just worried
because I'm completely
in love with you.
To be honest, I've never been
more scared in my life.
Me too.
Jason has been a part
of my life for so long.
Even when he was in prison,
there was always this part
of me that was worried--
what he was planning,
when would he strike?
A-and now--
And now you don't have
to worry anymore.
Now, is there
anything else you want?
I just want to go home.
I will go see if I can help
Luna with that paperwork.
Hang tight.
- Yeah.
♪ Mama said
I will always be ♪
♪ Faith is stronger,
my love is weak ♪
Hey, I guess you missed
your 8:00 Zoom date.
Yeah. It's all right.
Camilla gets it.
- Mm. When is she moving out?
- I don't know.
It's kind of hard
to picture her here, you know?
The life we were planning
together was very Texas.
Mm, 5,000-square-foot house
for half of what I pay
for rent?
Exactly--marriage,
three kids, the whole thing.
- And now?
- I don't know.
I've changed a lot since
I've been here, you know?
And speak of the devil.
Hey, I'm--I'm gonna take
this here
so I don't lose her
in the elevator.
Oh, yeah. No worries.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Yeah, see you tomorrow.
Hey, beautiful.
You're up late.
Yeah, I know,
but it's the only flight
that I could get.
"Flight"?
Wait, what?
Where are you?
Surprise!
Hey, what are you doing here?
Oh, baby, I couldn't wait!
I quit my job!
I'm moving to Los Angeles!
- Oh, all right.
- Come here!
So I've been thinking
about the Seth situation.
It's been a long day.
I know this is my problem.
I'm the TO.
So I made a decision.
He can't stay.
The stakes are way too high,
and the only way to fix this
is to cut him from the program.
Okay.
Let's talk to Grey.
Wait, you're not gonna
talk me out of it?
No, it's your call.
Just know this whole station
is going to be behind you
every step of the way.
- Thank you, sir.
What's--what's going on?
It's your news to share.
I finally got my lab results,
and my cancer is back,
but we caught it early,
and the doctor says
that I should still be able
to work.
And, uh, I just--I just--
I wanted to let you know
that I am ready,
I am willing, and able
to complete my training,
if you will still have me.
Yeah, of course.
- I am gonna sleep for a week.
- Yes, you always say that.
And then you always pick up
three new hobbies
with your time off.
- This is different.
- Mm-hmm.
Oh, uh, I left my jacket.
I'll grab it.
Hang on.
There we go.
- Did you find it?
- Yeah.
Oh, Bailey.
What did you do?
Damn it.